## Paper-plots

In this directory you find all plots used in the manuscript.

### Organization

The directory contains the following sub-directories:
- Motivation:
	- [`pre-trained_dt_models/`](pre-trained_dt_models): contains a folder with the pre-trained DT models obtained with `dt_train.py`.
	- [`motivation-results/`](motivation-results): contains one folder per experiments with SHAP values extracted directly from the two agents `embb` (HT in the paper) and `urllc` (LL in the paper); it also contains a subfolder [`processing-times/`](motivation-results/processing-times) which contains logs per experiment of the processing times. Both are instrumental to the final results of [`shap_explanations/`](shap_explanations).
	- [`shap_explanations/`](shap_explanations): contains two subfolder, one for the actual [`shap-values`](shap_explanations/shap-values) (i.e., Fig. 3 of the paper) and one for the [`processing-times`](shap_explanations/processing-times) (i.e., Fig. 4 of the paper).
- EXPLORA core part:
	- [`graphs-agents/`](graphs-agents): contains a simplified version of the graphs (no attributes displayed for the sake of readability - one per agent-traffic scenario, i.e., `embb-trf1`, `embb-trf2`, `urllc-trf1`, `urllc-trf2`).
	- [`plots-interpretation-agents/`](plots-interpretation-agents): contains the main results, i.e., the plots that connect the type of action with its impact on KPIs that are portrayed in Fig. 7 and Fig. 13 of the paper (one per agent-traffic scenario, i.e., `embb-trf1`, `embb-trf2`, `urllc-trf1`, `urllc-trf2`). 
	- [`dts-interpretations/`](dts-interpretations): contains the figures with the DTs that are produced on top of the synthesized explanations from the attributed graphs, i.e., Fig. 8 and Fig. 14 of the paper (one per agent-traffic scenario, i.e., `embb-trf1`, `embb-trf2`, `urllc-trf1`, `urllc-trf2`).
- Action steering:
	- [`action-steering/`](action-steering): contains the results obtained with `action-steering-processing.py` and `action-steering-plotting.py`:
	  - [`data-for-cdfs/`](data-for-cdfs): contains the intermediate results generated by `action-steering-processing.py` that are input to `action-steering-plotting.py` to produce the plots.
	  - [`plot-kpis/`](plot-kpis): contains the plots obtained with `action-steering-plotting.py` later elaborated with TikZ to produce the Fig. 9 and Fig. 10 of the paper, i.e., [`min_reward_vs_baseline/`](action-steering/plot-kpis/min_reward_vs_baseline/) for Fig. 9, and [`max_reward_vs_baseline/`](action-steering/plot-kpis/max_reward_vs_baseline/) and [`imp_bitrate_vs_baseline/`](action-steering/plot-kpis/imp_bitrate_vs_baseline/) for Fig. 10. 
	  - [`distribution-actions-steered/`](distribution-actions-steered): contains the results obtained results obtained with `action-steering-processing.py` on the distribution of actions that the IMPROVE module of *EXPLORA* suggest to replace.
